Customer management includes activities employed
in the process to provide customers
with the right items at the right place
and at the right time,
as well as to generate the highest level
of customer satisfaction at the lowest cost
throughout the entire life cycle.
This is accomplished by monitoring usage
and working with customers
to understand their needs and requirements.
All of the sections of logistics
work in some form with customer management,
whether setting levels, buying, storing, maintaining,
or delivering supplies.
As a result, it is imperative that all staff
maintain the goal
of providing the best customer service to the patients,
their families, and the clinicians who treat them.